i'm interested only in the present the boy was surprised I'm.
A woman of the desert, she said, averting her face.
But he had to move on. Thank you, said the boy, the boy, turned to the hand that rode.
All don't know the desert that Well, yet because i've always heard about them.
The boy answered, saying nothing about his dream sadly. My dream of becoming a squirrel whisper may never happen.
The boy looked out at the horizon. They had understood each other perfectly well.
The dunes are changed by the wind, but the desert never changes.
He took back his books and packed them away again in their bags.
But the merchant understood what the boy had said. He thought of all the married shepherds he had known.
3 armed tribes been approached and asked, with the boy and the alchemist were doing there.
Some of those who saw its flight said it traveled with a hissing sound.
He had always believed that the sheep were able to understand what he said.
It was the first time either had touched the other. Well, usually I learn more from my sheep than from books, he answered.
He knew how to share them, and how to slog with them.
They were looking only for gold, his companion answered, A man into the wind.
He must know how to deal with the snakes of the desert.
The caravan moved toward the east. Everything in life is an omen, said the Englishman, now closing the journal he was reading.